what if the government could not track
$3.8 trillion Yes you heard me right
well I'm going to tell you what that is
all about today you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
we've heard this before the numbers were
different though imagine it happened
again but it was even bigger you are
seeing some problems with auditing that
are going on right now and while the
government has set up the IRS to go
after people they should be pointing it
at themselves cuz we've got a big
problem all of that here today let's
begin we're going to talk about the
little oops that happen well first thing
you got to know is that governments
spend a lot of money we know this it
goes one place it goes another and it
goes out the back door as well in the
case of Canada pretty funny Justin
Trudeau said that his government has
always exercised fiscal restraint he
said this with a straight face and he
did not even crack a smile I mean it's
it's unbelievable to tell a bold-faced
lie like that you see this from every
government it's not just Canada and of
course it's not just one place we see it
all the time it's because they're able
to spend without any scrutiny sometimes
it takes a crisis and there needs to be
an emergency and there has to be
something written where it would allow
trillions of dollars to go in One
Direction or another but what happens
when you lose sight of all of that money
can you believe it that there are
trillions of dollars that go unaccounted
for this happens not one time but it
happens every single year let's look
into it here we have it this was not a
surprise Pentagon again fails annual
audit of 3.8 trillion doll in military
assets the military industrial complex
has obviously some very big tentacles
powerful tentacles that go around and
they can really have control over the
government they can have control over
the politicians and of course where they
land is often times part of the black
hole because we don't know what happens
and this is just one example now I want
to make it clear just because they can't
track the 3.8 trillion doesn't
necessarily mean that it was just given
off to one you know company or one
individual or whatever but it means that
they basically in the account in their
books they can't figure out where it
went so you can use your imagine with
that but I just wanted to explain the
distinction there okay so they talk
about this and uh you know it's
important just to understand there's a
lot but auditing the Department's 3.8
trillion in assets and 4 trillion in
liabilities is a massive undertaking but
the improvements and changes we are
making every day as a result of these
audits positively affect every Soldier
sailor Airman marineman Gman and the do
OD civilian oh that's right so they're
making changes they're making things
happen and as these audits go through I
mean it's going to get better right
they're going to be able to track
everything right I mean they're not
going to make this mistake again right
well what if it was actually getting
worse worse hundreds of independent
Auditors examine the pentagon's books
each year to determine whether it can
account for the money it's given and how
effectively the military is spending it
there are three possible audit ratings
an unqualified opinion a qualif opinion
and a disclaimer of opinion so it goes
in to basically describe that and the
way this ended up the whole point all I
want to get to is they cannot account
for this money like I said it you know
it's gone one place it's gone another
place and supposedly that has all been
tracked but when the audit is done they
can't figure it out now it's a little
bit more difficult than you know your
balance sheet at home even if you had a
small business it's a lot more
complicated than that we're talking
about things that are international and
of course there's so many different
levels of government it applies to a lot
of different people and places and and
of course across time as
well but it should be tracked and there
should be
accountability but it's not and does it
matter you know you know what time of
year or what what you know
Administration no this goes beyond that
this is the military-industrial complex
and they don't have time length you know
the four years 8 years it goes well
beyond that who got that money well I
think it's pretty obvious where you see
that where you know these institutions
are able to access a lot of funds and
not have anybody on their back well
let's look further you remember this do
you remember the 2.3
trillion doll that just so happened to
be in 2001 in September of 2001 remember
that was that big event now it's funny
they did a fact check here and I wanted
to bring this one specifically I'll show
you the actual statement in a moment
because I bring you the facts directly
from the source I'll bring you that
statement Rumsfeld did not reveal the
loss of $2.3 trillion the day before you
have it here right you remember that
maybe if you don't we we'll talk about
that but what's funny about this is that
he did discuss it there they were
quoting that but the reference was
actually from a year and a half
prior so it didn't
matter that it was one day before he
just happened to talk about it one day
before that major event where we
couldn't account for $2.3 trillion
but it was referencing a year and a half
before what's the difference the fact
check is making it look like the whole
purpose here like we're looking into
this saying hey there's $2.3 trillion
missing just because it happened the day
before or not is in inconsequential it
doesn't matter it doesn't matter in fact
if it was the day before you know what
that's something that I would be I would
say you know you know you know one day
you know but a year and a half prior oh
that allows a lot of setup time a lot of
lead time a lot of business transactions
meetings phone calls airplanes
everything right the day before well no
I I think it would be something that
would be you know too fast couldn't
happen but a year and a half before that
gives a lot of preparation that gives a
lot of time a lot of energy can go into
that a lot of deals could happen but
either way the point is they're trying
to make the fact fact check so you see
oh fact okay that was wrong yeah that
was wrong nobody reads the information
well why don't we do that together why
don't we actually look at it and you see
it for yourself for the accounting
entries this is this is their report
okay this comes directly from the
defense.gov
website I'm not making this up people
and if you appreciate this level of
depth hit that Thumbs Up Button okay
because you support me when you do that
when you share this with your family
friends co-workers who are willing to
dig into this deep well then you're
doing it a favor and by simply giving a
thumbs up you help that you know other
people who are interested in this stuff
let let them know about it quote for the
accounting entries $2.3
trillion was not supported by ad
adequate audit Trails or sufficient
evidence to determine that their to
determine their validity to trillion
dollar was not reviewed because of time
constraints they didn't even review it
so where did it go what happened oh we
don't know we don't
know like it's wild and by the way the
date here you can just see it there for
yourself uh up at the top in uh the year
2000 okay
so they don't the money trillions of
dollars is going over to the military
industrial complex and you have no idea
not accounted for year after year after
year doesn't that bother you doesn't it
give you a little bit of pause and think
to yourself maybe there's something
wrong here maybe there should be an
investigation to file and find every
single dollar and where it's
going that would be nice wouldn't it
well what about the Federal Reserve if
you remember during the financial crisis
time frame the Federal Reserve bailed
out know companies they were they were
doing all these different things of
course the government did their own
thing the Federal Reserve did their own
okay and it was found at a later date
that because of all of the pestering
that Congress would would do back then
they don't do it anymore but they would
say excuse me Ben banki who did you give
the money to and then they said uh I'm
not telling you that's what they said so
they actually got a limited audit of the
Federal Reserve back then and say what
you want about Bernie Sanders but he led
the charge on that and I will give
credit where credit is due that's
fantastic and they found that the fed's
$16
trillion bailout went under reported so
the major news media did talk about an
audit but they forgot to mention the
fact that $16 trillion was given out
from the FED to institutions all over
the world what happened with that money
we have no idea there's no I there's no
understanding of what happened
afterwards because the Federal Reserve
didn't want you to know about that $16
trillion the balance sheet it was never
accounted for so what happened who got
the money like what came back what no
idea it there's no idea what does that
tell you trillions upon trillions upon
trillions of dollars are being sent off
somewhere and you have no oversight in
that whatsoever no transparency
whatsoever this is terrible in that
sense Auditors face being called to
account for their role in the global
financial crisis like this is back in
2009 and we hear about this right where
what happened with all the auditing like
that's your job and of course it led to
the financial crisis people lost their
jobs and so on and nothing good ever
came of that of course
and I just want to show you this here
it's just going into the defense budget
and how much they're spending already
like what do you what do we know about
well they're spending is closing in on a
trillion dollars nearly a trillion
dollars we're getting to that level
they're spending so much money and
trillions are not accounted for
trillions are going to
institutions globally and you have no
say in in the
matter and that's what I wanted to dig
into today I wanted to explain this and
start to ask the question maybe just
maybe we have to start looking into a
system outside of the one we have right
now that we should look at all of these
factors and start to piece the puzzle
together and realize that it's not one
person you can't put your blame on that
one but know that there's an
interconnected web that goes real deep
and this is just one element of that big
puzzle but we start to look at this and
it starts to make sense wait a minute
who's able to gain who stands to gain
who benefits and we could look at those
obviously right now as I record this
there are some military contractors like
Ron and others that will benefit so
those are the places that we should
start and of course it is those
financial establishments that make this
all happen but none of it could exist
without the central bank we have to
point the finger right there as we begin
our journey I hope you appreciated this
information today hit that thumbs up if
you want the absolute best like if you
want the stuff I can't get to here on
this channel who knows if this will even
be monetized you've got to join my uh
Finance Friday Group which is basically
a live Zoom class if you're interested
in that um go to this web page a link
will be in the description you you're
going to get this short little video
description right here you're going to
see what it's all about and I hope that
you will join me there because I can be
fully candid I'm fully honest in there
is just it it's the best it truly is the
best of the best and you'll see why just
just click that link you'll see okay and
the comment of the day here we go thank
you very much as always love you your
comments cbdc is the ultimate control
need to create inflation easy add more
digits need to create deflation or
demand destruction easy delete more
digits need to change the value of the
currency easy move the decimal place
place left or right it's easier when
they have this and they are doing it and
we know that and this is the problem
with having
these groups that are so opaque that are
unelected that we do not have
any insight oversight on what they can
do and who's imp positions of power
that's the danger and that's the world
that we live in today thank you for
being here and I'll see you tomorrow